QAT v. 0.1 (#1230)
microsoft/qsharp-compiler: src/Passes/docs/src/DeveloperGuide/IntroductionPass.md

  ret i32 0
}
```

A stat pass for this code, would collect following statisics:

```text
Stats for 'foo'
===========================
Opcode          # Used
---------------------------
load            1
ret             1
alloca          1
store           1
---------------------------

Stats for 'bar'
===========================
Opcode          # Used
---------------------------
load            2
add             1
ret             1
alloca          2
store           2
call            1
---------------------------

Stats for 'main'
===========================
Opcode          # Used
---------------------------
ret             1
alloca          1
store           1
call            2
---------------------------
```

**Example 3: Code validation**. A third use case is code validation. For example, one could write a pass to check whether bounds are exceeded on [static arrays][2].
Note that this is a non-standard usecase as such analysis is usually made using the AST rather than at the IR level.

**References**

- [1] https://github.com/banach-space/llvm-tutor#analysis-vs-transformation-pass
- [2] https://github.com/victor-fdez/llvm-array-check-pass

## Out-of-source Pass

> This library is build as set of out-of-source-passes. All this means is that we will not be downloading the LLVM repository and modifying this repository directly. You can read more [here](https://llvm.org/docs/CMake.html#cmake-out-of-source-pass).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library is built as a set of out-of-source-passes. All this means is that we will not be downloading the LLVM repository and modifying this repository directly. You can read more [here](https://llvm.org/docs/CMake.html#cmake-out-of-source-pass).
```

For SEO and accessibility, it may also be good to make the link text more descriptive than "here."

Author: This file was deprecated and has been removed.

# Library structure for passes

> An important part of this PR is that it proposes a structure for passes: It is suggested that each pass has their own subcode base. The reason for this proposal is that it makes it very easy to add and remove passes as well as decide which passes to link against. Each pass is kept in its own subdirectory under `libs`:

Reviewer 2: > Each pass is kept in its own subdirectory under **`libs`**

I fail to find `libs` directory in `qsharp-compiler\src\Passes\`.

Author: This document is deprecated and has been removed from the branch.

```
Passes
├── CMakeLists.txt
└── OpsCounter
    ├── OpsCounter.cpp
    └── OpsCounter.hpp
```

> Adding a new pass is easy using the `manage` tool developed in this PR:

Reviewer: It may be worth considering using standard templating tools like cookiecutter or yeoman.

Author: It did use the standard templating framework `jinja2`. However, this document is deprecated.

```
./manage create-pass HelloWorld
Available templates:

1. Function Pass

Select a template:1
```

which results in a new pass code in the `libs`:

```
Passes
├── CMakeLists.txt
├── HelloWorld
│   ├── HelloWorld.cpp
│   ├── HelloWorld.hpp
│   └── SPECIFICATION.md
└── OpsCounter
    ├── OpsCounter.cpp
    └── OpsCounter.hpp
```

> A full example of how to create a basic function pass is included in the README.md file for anyone interested.

Reviewer: It may be helpful to link to this README.

Author: This file is deprecated.
